Aryan Gidwani
ICS3UO - A
November 26, 2021
Version 20; Windows 10
Unit 5, Question 3
Python 3.9
This program is simply the game of Nim! There are two different modes with this
program: a player vs computer mode, and a player vs player mode. In both modes,
a random number of stones are generated and are added to the pile. Opponents can
take either 1, 2, or 3 stones from the pile. Neither opponent or player can take
more or less than 1, 2, or 3 stones. The person who takes the last stone from
the pile is deemed the loser of the game; thus, this game requires loads and
loads of strategy.

For my program to efficiently and effectively run, the user must have either
Windows 10 or Windows 11. On top of this, the user must only input numbers,
if the program asks for one. If the user decide to enter in a letter or
a word, the program would fail to function as intended.

There are a plethora of features that I added to my Nim program. I used
functions to make my python code more organized and legible. It also helped me
easily access certain parts of code that I may want to reuse later on in the
program. Using a function also helped with coming up with a "quit" function,
which can be used anywhere to make the program completely start. Furthermore,
another important feature that I added to my code are if/elif/else statements.
Using these statements helped me create different solutions to different
pathways the program can make, along with general decision making. Finally,
another feature that I added to my program is the keyword "global". This word
proved to be useful, as it made certain variables global and accessible by all
other functions. Making certain variables global proved to be useful in the
code.

There is one main error(restriction) associated with my program. In some parts
of the code where a question specifically asks for a number, if the user were to
type in a word or string, the program would malfunction and not properly work.
However, this seems to be the only known error or restriction with the program.

Nothing needs to be done beforehand. All the user needs to do is simply click
the run button, and the program will do the rest.
